best_practices.md, before:

# Best practices for when you are working on exercises


Navigate the folders using the command-line and create your <homework_sessionNumber.py> (ex: homework_2.py) file:

```bash
pwd # Prints to the console the path of your current working directory

ls # Lists the files in the directory you are in


cd <directory_name> # Gets in a given directory

cd .. # Gets out of the directory you are in



mkdir <directory_name> # Creates new directory

rmdir my_folder # Deletes an empty Directory (Folder)

rm -r <directory_name> # Deletes the directory and its contents recursively


touch <file_name.txt/file_name.py> # Creates new file

rm <file_name.txt/file_name.py> # Deletes file



```

---

When you are done for the day, don't forget to commit and push your work using the git commands:

```shell

git add . # Adds ALL changes to the staging area in preparation for committing them to the repository.​

git commit -m "<Short description of what you have worked on.>" #  Saves changes to the local repository, along with your commit message, usually describing the changes.

git push origin main # Uploads local changes to your remote repository, on the main branch.
```

Commit message:

Make a better exercises workflow and update best_practices.

best_practices.md, after:

# Best practices for when you are working on exercises

### Commenting out shortcut
- Select the lines you want to comment and press:
    - Windows: ```Ctrl + / ```
    - Mac: ```Command + /```

---

## When you start:

First, make sure you are using the shell (not the console). 

Using the bash shell, navigate the folders using the command-line and make sure you are in the same folder as the files you want to access. Ex: In order to access `exercises_1.py`, you have to be in `intro-to-python/session_01`.

Here are some CLI commands to help you out:

```bash
pwd # Prints to the console the path of your current working directory

ls # Lists the files in the directory you are in


cd <directory_name> # Gets in a given directory

cd .. # Gets out of the directory you are in

```

---

## How do you run a python file?
1. Make sure that you are using the shell.
1. Verify that you are in the folder containing the file you want to run. You can use `pwd` to check the current folder and `ls` to see the files in the current folder.
2. Run `python <file_name.py>` (ex: `python session_1.py`).

---

## Before you go:

When you are done for the day, don't forget to commit and push your work using the git commands:

```shell

git add . # Adds ALL changes to the staging area in preparation for committing them to the repository.​

git commit -m "<Short description of what you have worked on.>" #  Saves changes to the local repository, along with your commit message, usually describing the changes.

git push origin main # Uploads local changes to your remote repository, on the main branch.
```
